---
toc: false
title: 2022 Oct General Conference
description: Notes on General Conference Sunday Afternoon Session.
layout: post
categories: [conference]
---

## Anecdotal/Announcements
- Dallin Oaks Conducting
- Sunshine in My Soul

### Henry B Eyring
> Encourage you to continue striving to return to HF and JC.  His mother talked about the Savior as she approached death, despite years of physical and personal trial.
- For now man can be saved unless faith in name of Jesus Christ.  Mormon and Moroni referenced.  Hope in atonement of Christ and resurrection.
- Mormon gave encouragement that faith and meekness will build confidence in your struggle.
- Charity suffereth long and is kind ...  Charity never fails.
- He sees key words in his life, with suffering of his wife.
<mark>"Isaiah, Great Hope"</mark>

### Ryan K Olson
> Individual and collective love of the Savior bind us together.  Young person talked about impact of being sustained as General Authority.  
- Answer to simplest and most complex questions is Jesus.  Way, truth, and light.
- Know Christ, remember, and serve him.
- Recounts missionary service and missionary experiences as President
- Please help me know what to say?  He asked her what to say?  Sister missionary knew the answer!
- Heed to prophets call
<mark>"Isaiah, Answer is Jesus"</mark>

###
> Which of Jesus names should I take upon myself.
- Holy Habits and righteous routines
- Faithful and True, Resurrection and the Life
<mark>"Isaiah, Names of Jesus, Lord"</mark>

###
> Battle of Nephites and Lamenites.
